claude/commands/commit.md, before:

---
description: Create meaningful git commits by analyzing diff and grouping related changes
allowed-tools: Bash(git status:*), Bash(git diff:*), Bash(git add:*), Bash(git commit:*)
---

# Smart Git Commit

現在のdiffを分析して、意味のある単位でファイルをグループ化し、適切なcommitメッセージでcommitを作成します。

## Current Repository Status

!`git status --porcelain`

## Current Changes (Staged and Unstaged)

!`git diff HEAD`

## Your Task

1. 上記のdiffを分析して、変更内容を理解してください
2. 関連する変更をグループ化して、論理的な単位に分けてください
3. 各グループに対して適切なcommitメッセージを作成してください
4. conventional commit形式（`<type>(<scope>): <subject>`）に従ってください
5. 必要に応じて複数のcommitに分けて実行してください

## Commit Guidelines

- **Type**: feat, fix, docs, style, refactor, test, chore, perf
- **Scope**: 変更された機能やモジュール名（省略可能）
- **Subject**: 変更内容の簡潔な説明（英語、動詞で開始）

## Example Workflow

1. 関連するファイルをstageして最初のcommitを作成
2. 残りの変更を分析して次のcommitグループを決定
3. すべての変更がcommitされるまで繰り返し

## Important Notes

- commitする前に必ずテストを実行してください（`make test`）
- コードフォーマットを実行してください（`make fmt`）
- 各commitは独立して動作する状態にしてください
- commitメッセージは英語で記述してください

Commit message:

docs(commands): translate /commit command to English and add signature restriction

claude/commands/commit.md, after:

---
description: Create meaningful git commits by analyzing diff and grouping related changes
allowed-tools: Bash(git status:*), Bash(git diff:*), Bash(git add:*), Bash(git commit:*)
---

# Smart Git Commit

Analyze the current diff and group files into meaningful units, creating commits with appropriate commit messages.

## Current Repository Status

!`git status --porcelain`

## Current Changes (Staged and Unstaged)

!`git diff HEAD`

## Your Task

1. Analyze the above diff to understand the changes
2. Group related changes into logical units
3. Create appropriate commit messages for each group
4. Follow conventional commit format (`<type>(<scope>): <subject>`)
5. Split into multiple commits if necessary

## Commit Guidelines

- **Type**: feat, fix, docs, style, refactor, test, chore, perf
- **Scope**: Changed feature or module name (optional)
- **Subject**: Concise description of changes (English, start with verb)

## Example Workflow

1. Stage related files and create the first commit
2. Analyze remaining changes to determine the next commit group
3. Repeat until all changes are committed

## Important Notes

- Always run tests before committing (`make test`)
- Run code formatting (`make fmt`)
- Each commit should be in a working state
- Write commit messages in English
- **No Signatures**: Do not add Claude signatures or Co-authored lines to commit messages
